# School1-Hybrid

Hybrid implementation with web technologies.

Development/publishing/compiling platforms:

- [Monaca](#monaca)
- [Web](#web)
- [Electron](#electron)

## <a name="monaca"></a>Monaca

[Monaca](https://monaca.io/) is Cross Platform Framework on top of Cordova, not only providing an interface to develop cross-platform apps with web technologies, but also compiling into different styles, according to the platform, making it a great choice to deliver high-quality apps easily. As Android is already covered, this will only be used for Universal Windows Platform and iOS. If it also seems like the right platform to deliver a responsive web app, we will reuse the built static HTML and JavaScript files.

Some things are currently in the [School1OnsenApp repository](https://github.com/whirlwind-studios/School1OnsenApp) (autogenerated), but will soon be moved/copied to this repository, as it is one codebase for three different publishing platforms, resulting in iOS, Windows 10 Universal (PC and Phone), Windows Desktop and Linux (if everything goes well). This is nothing less than than complete overkill, but if it turns out to be easy, we will definitely use this opportunity.

In short, this is the root code for the complete Cross Platform project.

## <a name="web"></a>Webapp

This is  obviously the most universal platform ever, so it is always useful and should therefor also receive relatively high attention in the near/medium future. If working well, it will reuse generated files from Monaca, like described above. The exact web address is not yet fixed.

## <a name="electron"></a>Electron

[Electron](https://electron.atom.io/) is an Open Source platform provided by Github itself an the part of School1 with the tiniest invested effort yet. It's more like a future idea than a concrete plan, but would be nice for those desktop users out there, and could either reuse things built with Monaca, or use a responsive framework like [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) to provide a excellent experience for both Desktop users and the Web.

## Miscellaneous

Please let us know what you think about reusing files from Monaca!

## See also

[Main repository](https://github.com/whirlwind-studios/School1)